# Voice Channel
### description
Separately as a type of channel classification, in the voice channel, only voice-type message transmission can be performed, and transmission of messages owned by general channels such as sending text, pictures, and emoticons is not supported. The voice sent in the voice channel will be automatically processed into a unified timbre, which basically eliminates the possibility of identifying people based on the timbre, and realizes anonymous encrypted communication in a deep level. At the same time, in order to avoid network congestion and bandwidth limitations, the length of the voice channel that can be sent by the voice channel is also limited, but based on the specificity of the voice channel, the longest voice length that can be sent will be longer than the longest voice length that can be sent by ordinary channels Extended.

### why design
- Interpersonal communication cannot be achieved by words alone, and speaking and communicating with true feelings is also an indispensable and indispensable part of human life. In today's society, more and more people are not good at expressing themselves through language. Typing on social chat tools is right. But once it is expressed in language, it will become stuttered, unorganized, or even speechless. . The art of speaking is gradually being replaced by the speed of typing. This is a distorted bad trend, and part of the reason for this distortion comes from the communication between people. More from talking to typing, the hand speed becomes faster. But the speech could not keep up.
- As a channel that can only communicate with voice, the voice channel can exercise people's language expression ability and language organization ability, thereby improving self-confidence in real life. At the same time, the automatic voice modification can also solve some people-those who do not like themselves Voice or fear that others do not like their own voice, so they dare not speak and communicate with people and gradually become autistic.-The fear of opening, through automatic voice change, these people do not need to worry that the other party will hate their voice, so as to achieve Be happy to talk and chat with people. At the same time, the voice will be automatically processed into a unified robot tone, so it can also meet some hobbies such as robot control, or it can be a material generator that is the main host of the ghost animal area.
- Compared with many current voice dating platforms, the mandatory prohibition of text communication on voice channels has more thoroughly implemented the concept of voice communication and is more interesting and vivid. Voice channel will be one of the major features of this software.